bpo-42299: Remove formatter module (#23476)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-11-23-23-42-08.bpo-42299.Fdn4Wf.rst

> Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in 3.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4.
```

> Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in 3.4.

Reviewer: You may also add (here, but maybe also in the What's New entry) that the module had no test!

> (Contributed by Dong-hee Na and and Terry J. Reedy in :issue:`33955`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch by Dong-hee Na and and Terry J. Reedy.
```

The bpo number is part of the NEWS entry and will be generated in the Changelog: https://docs.python.org/dev/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog
